Improve issue reporting instructions (#27931)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/help/reporting_issues.markdown

Make sure that you don't post your username, password, API key, access token or other [secrets](/docs/configuration/secrets/).

### Diagnostics information

Consider uploading [the diagnostics file](docs/configuration/troubleshooting/#debug-logs-and-diagnostics) along with your issue report to allow faster triaging and pinpointing the issue.

> The information contained in the generated diagnostics file is redacted to avoid any sensitive information while still remaining useful for developers  to fix the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The information contained in the generated diagnostics file is redacted to avoid any sensitive information while still remaining useful for developers to fix the issue.
```

### Traceback and log information (if applicable)

> If things go wrong there will be a so-called traceback or an error message in other words [https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/logs/](in your log). Please include this. It starts with **Traceback** and can contain information where the error was triggered in the code.

Author: I just added the link to the logs page, nothing else was changed here.

> If things go wrong there will be a so-called traceback or an error message in other words [https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/logs/](in your log). Please include this. It starts with **Traceback** and can contain information where the error was triggered in the code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If things go wrong, there will be a so-called traceback or an error message [in your log](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/logs/). Please include this. It starts with **Traceback** and can contain information about where the error was triggered in the code.
```

```bash
Traceback (most recent call last):
...
```

> In some cases it is also necessary to [enable debug logging](docs/configuration/troubleshooting/#debug-logs-and-diagnostics) to get detailed logs to triage an issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases, it is also necessary to [enable debug logging](docs/configuration/troubleshooting/#debug-logs-and-diagnostics) to get detailed logs to triage an issue.
```

> Enabling this will instruct Home Assistant to log a lot of fine-grained information about the integration which is helpful for debugging and fixing the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enabling this will instruct Home Assistant to log a lot of fine-grained information about the integration. This is helpful for debugging and fixing the issue.
```

> In contrast to the diagnostics information this is not automatically redacted, so you want to include only the parts you think are relevant to the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In contrast to the diagnostics information, debug logs are not automatically redacted.  Make sure to include only the parts you think are relevant to the issue.
```
